_pages/activities.md, before:

---
title:
layout: default
permalink: /activities/
published: true
---

#### Awards
0. Best Student Paper Award - Christian Sicari and Lorenzo Carnevale and Antonino Galletta and Massimo Villari. "*OpenWolf: a Serverless Workflow Engine for Native Cloud-Edge Continuum*". The 7th IEEE Cyber Science and Technology Congress (CyberSciTech)", September 2022, Falerna (CZ), Italy
{: reversed="reversed"}

#### Associate Editor
0. [MDPI Machine Learning and Knowledge Extraction](https://www.mdpi.com/journal/make)

0. [Frontiers in Robotics and AI](https://www.frontiersin.org/journals/robotics-and-ai/sections/smart-sensor-networks-and-autonomy), section <i>Smart Sensor Networks and Autonomy</i>

0. [Frontiers in the Internet of Things](https://www.frontiersin.org/journals/the-internet-of-things/sections/iot-enabling-technologies), section <i>IoT Enabling Technologies</i>
{: reversed="reversed"}

#### Guest Editor
0. [New achievements of precision medicine with artificial intelligence, Biomedical Signal Processing and Control, Elsevier](https://www.sciencedirect.com/journal/biomedical-signal-processing-and-control/about/call-for-papers#special-issue-on-the-new-achievements-of-precision-medicine-with-artificial-intelligence)

0. [Digital Healthcare Leveraging Edge Computing and the Internet of Things, Sensors, MDPI](https://www.mdpi.com/journal/sensors/special_issues/digihealth_IoT)
{: reversed="reversed"}

#### Conference and Workshops (Co-)Chair
0. [UCC 2024]() - "<i>17th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Utility and Cloud Computing</i>", Dec 2024, Sharjah, UAE - Artifact Evaluation Co-Chair

0. [CCGrid 2024](https://2024.ccgrid-conference.org/) - "<i>24th International Symposium on Cluster, Cloud and Internet Computing</i>", May 2024, Philadelphia, USA - Track Co-Chair

0. [BigNDA 2023](https://fcrlab.unime.it/calls/bignda2023) - "<i>Big Nature data analysis: methods and applications</i>", December 2023, Taormina, Italy - Program Co-Chair

0. [UCC 2023](https://ucc-conference.org/) - "<i>16th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Utility and Cloud Computing</i>", December 2023, Taormina, Italy - Program Co-Chair

0. [PICom 2023](https://icnetlab.org/cyber-science2023/picom/index.html) - "<i>21st IEEE International Conference on Pervasive Intelligence and Computing</i>", November 2023, Abu Dhabi, UAE - Track Co-Chair

0. [AI4Health 2023](https://www.ai4health.icar.cnr.it/) - "<i>International Workshop on Artificial Intelligence for Health</i>", October 2023, Taormina, Messina, Italy - Program Co-Chair

0. [DistInSys 2023](https://fcrlab.unime.it/calls/distinsys2023) - "<i>3rd International Workshop on Distributed Intelligent Systems</i>", July 2023, Tunis, Tunisia - Program Co-Chair

0. [CCGrid 2023](https://ccgrid2023.iisc.ac.in/) - "<i>23rd International Symposium on Cluster, Cloud and Internet Computing</i>", May 2023, Bangalore, India - Proceedings Co-Chair

0. [MobiCASE 2022](https://mobicase.eai-conferences.org/2022) - "<i>13th EAI International Conference on Mobile Computing, Applications and Services</i>", November 2022, Messina, Italy - Workshops Co-Chair

0. [DistInSys 2022](https://fcrlab.unime.it/calls/distinsys2022) - "<i>2nd International Workshop on Distributed Intelligent Systems</i>", June 2022, Rhodes, Greece - Program Co-Chair

0. [CCGrid 2022](https://fcrlab.unime.it/ccgrid22) - "<i>22nd IEEE International Symposium on Cluster, Cloud and Internet Computing</i>", May 2022, Taormina, Messina, Italy - Financial Chair

0. [AI4Health 2022](https://www.ai4health.icar.cnr.it/ai4health2022/index.html) - "<i>International Workshop on Artificial Intelligence for Health</i>", May 2022, Taormina, Messina, Italy - Program Co-Chair

0. [MrICHE 2021](https://fcrlab.unime.it/calls/mriche2021) - "<i>1st IEEE International Workshop on Mixed Reality Implications on Cultural Heritage Experience</i>", October 2021, Bari, Italy - Program Co-Chair

0. [DistInSys 2021](https://fcrlab.unime.it/calls/distinsys2021) - "<i>1st International Workshop on Distributed and Intelligent Systems</i>", September 2021, Athens, Greece - Program Co-Chair

0. [ICTS4eHealth 2021](https://www.icts4ehealth.icar.cnr.it/ICTS4eHealth2021/index.html) - "<i>1st IEEE Conference on ICT Solutions for eHealth</i>", September 2021, Athens, Greece - Publicity Chair
{: reversed="reversed"}

#### Program Committee Membership
0. [HC@AIxIA 2023](https://sites.google.com/unical.it/hcaixia2023) - "<i>2nd AIxIA Workshop on Artificial Intelligence For Healthcare</i>", November 2023, Rome, Italy

0. [EWSN 2023](https://events.dimes.unical.it/ewsn2023) - "<i>International Conference on Embedded Wireless Systems and Networks</i>", September 2023, Rende, Italy

0. [MetaCom 2023](https://www.ieee-metacom.org/2023/) - "<i>IEEE International Conference on Metaverse Computing, Networking and Applications</i>", June 2023, Kyoto, Japan

0. [Cloud2Things 2023](https://cloud2things.netsons.org/2023/index.html) - "<i>3rd Workshop on From Cloud to Things: harnessing pervasive data in the Computing Continuum</i>", March 2023, Atlanta, USA

0. [CCNC 2023](https://ccnc2023.ieee-ccnc.org/) - "<i>IEEE Consumer Communications & Networking Conference</i>", January 2023, Las Vegas, USA

0. [RoboCom 2023](https://robocom2023.nws.cs.unibo.it/) - "<i>3rd IEEE International Workshop on Communication and Networking for Swarms Robotics</i>", January 2023, Las Vegas, USA

0. [IHSH 2022](https://ihsh2022.uqar.ca/) - "<i>The 2022 International Conference on Human-centric Smart environments for Health and well-being</i>", October 2022, Lévis, Canada

0. [CyberSciTech 2022](http://cyber-science.org/2022/cyberscitech/) - "<i>The 7th IEEE Cyber Science and Technology Congress</i>", September 2022, Falerna (CZ), Italy

0. [ICTS4eHealth 2022](https://icts4ehealth.icar.cnr.it/) - "<i>2nd Edition of the IEEE Conference on ICT Solutions for eHealth</i>", June, July 2022, Rhodes Island, Greece

0. [Cloud2Things 2022](https://cloud2things2022.netsons.org) - "<i>2nd Workshop on Cloud-to-Things continuum: towards the convergence of IoT, Edge and Cloud Computing</i>", May 2022, Taormina, Messina, Italy [[certificate](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1tR7AiEKAzVlR0Z5y8EHwjZcD36Pztheb/view?usp=sharing)]

0. [RoboCom 2022](https://robocom2022.nws.cs.unibo.it/) - "<i>2nd IEEE International Workshop on Communication and Networking for Swarms Robotics</i>", January 2022, Virtual Conference

0. [Cloud2Things 2021](https://cloud2things2021.netsons.org/) - "<i>1st Workshop on Cloud-to-Things continuum: towards the convergence of IoT, Edge and Cloud Computing</i>", May, 2021, Melbourne, Australia

0. [ICTS4eHealth 2020](https://icts4ehealth.icar.cnr.it/ICTS4eHealth2020/index.html) - "<i>5th Edition of the IEEE Workshop on ICT Solutions for eHealth</i>", July 2020, Rennes, Francia

0. [IPDCA 2020](https://sites.google.com/view/ipdca2020) - "<i>9th International Conference on Parallel, Distributed Computing and Applications</i>", June 2020, Helsinki, Finland

0. [ICTS4eHealth 2019](https://icts4ehealth.icar.cnr.it/ICTS4eHealth2019/index.html) - "<i>4th edition of the IEEE Workshop on ICT Solution for eHealth</i>", June 2019, Barcelona, Spain

0. [TeC4C 2018](http://tec4c2018.netsons.org/) - "<i>1st International Workshop on Technology Convergence for Smart Cities</i>", October 2019, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA

0. [FiCloud 2018](http://www.ficloud.org/2018) - "<i>IEEE 6th International Conference on Future Internet of Things and Cloud</i>", August 2019, Barcelona, Spain

0. [ICTS4eHealth 2018](https://icts4ehealth.icar.cnr.it/ICTS4eHealth2018/index.html) - "<i>3rd edition of the IEEE Workshop on ICT Solution for eHealth</i>", June 2018, Natal, Brazil

0. [FiCloud 2017](http://www.ficloud.org/2017) - "<i>IEEE 5th International Conference on Future Internet of Things and Cloud</i>", August 2018, Prague, Czech Republic

0. [ICTS4eHealth 2017](https://icts4ehealth.icar.cnr.it/ICTS4eHealth2017/index.html) - "<i>2nd edition of the IEEE Workshop on ICT Solution for eHealth</i>", July 2018, Heraklion, Crete
{: reversed="reversed"}

Commit message:

Add Computational Intelligence in Robotics participation and fix organization

_pages/activities.md, after:

---
title:
layout: default
permalink: /activities/
published: true
---

#### Awards
0. Best Student Paper Award - Christian Sicari and Lorenzo Carnevale and Antonino Galletta and Massimo Villari. "*OpenWolf: a Serverless Workflow Engine for Native Cloud-Edge Continuum*". The 7th IEEE Cyber Science and Technology Congress (CyberSciTech)", September 2022, Falerna (CZ), Italy
{: reversed="reversed"}

#### Associate Editor
0. [MDPI Machine Learning and Knowledge Extraction](https://www.mdpi.com/journal/make) - From 2023 to now

0. [Frontiers in Robotics and AI](https://www.frontiersin.org/journals/robotics-and-ai/sections/computational-intelligence-in-robotics), section <i>Computational Intelligence in Robotics</i> - From 2023 to now

0. [Frontiers in the Internet of Things](https://www.frontiersin.org/journals/the-internet-of-things/sections/iot-enabling-technologies), section <i>IoT Enabling Technologies</i>
{: reversed="reversed"}

#### Past Associate Editor
0. [Frontiers in Robotics and AI](https://www.frontiersin.org/journals/robotics-and-ai/sections/smart-sensor-networks-and-autonomy), section <i>Smart Sensor Networks and Autonomy</i> - From 2022 to 2023
{: reversed="reversed"}

#### Guest Editor
0. [New achievements of precision medicine with artificial intelligence, Biomedical Signal Processing and Control, Elsevier](https://www.sciencedirect.com/journal/biomedical-signal-processing-and-control/about/call-for-papers#special-issue-on-the-new-achievements-of-precision-medicine-with-artificial-intelligence)

0. [Digital Healthcare Leveraging Edge Computing and the Internet of Things, Sensors, MDPI](https://www.mdpi.com/journal/sensors/special_issues/digihealth_IoT)
{: reversed="reversed"}

#### Conference and Workshops (Co-)Chair
0. [UCC 2024]() - "<i>17th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Utility and Cloud Computing</i>", Dec 2024, Sharjah, UAE - Artifact Evaluation Co-Chair

0. [CCGrid 2024](https://2024.ccgrid-conference.org/) - "<i>24th International Symposium on Cluster, Cloud and Internet Computing</i>", May 2024, Philadelphia, USA - Track Co-Chair

0. [BigNDA 2023](https://fcrlab.unime.it/calls/bignda2023) - "<i>Big Nature data analysis: methods and applications</i>", December 2023, Taormina, Italy - Program Co-Chair

0. [UCC 2023](https://ucc-conference.org/) - "<i>16th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Utility and Cloud Computing</i>", December 2023, Taormina, Italy - Program Co-Chair

0. [PICom 2023](https://icnetlab.org/cyber-science2023/picom/index.html) - "<i>21st IEEE International Conference on Pervasive Intelligence and Computing</i>", November 2023, Abu Dhabi, UAE - Track Co-Chair

0. [AI4Health 2023](https://www.ai4health.icar.cnr.it/) - "<i>International Workshop on Artificial Intelligence for Health</i>", October 2023, Taormina, Messina, Italy - Program Co-Chair

0. [DistInSys 2023](https://fcrlab.unime.it/calls/distinsys2023) - "<i>3rd International Workshop on Distributed Intelligent Systems</i>", July 2023, Tunis, Tunisia - Program Co-Chair

0. [CCGrid 2023](https://ccgrid2023.iisc.ac.in/) - "<i>23rd International Symposium on Cluster, Cloud and Internet Computing</i>", May 2023, Bangalore, India - Proceedings Co-Chair

0. [MobiCASE 2022](https://mobicase.eai-conferences.org/2022) - "<i>13th EAI International Conference on Mobile Computing, Applications and Services</i>", November 2022, Messina, Italy - Workshops Co-Chair

0. [DistInSys 2022](https://fcrlab.unime.it/calls/distinsys2022) - "<i>2nd International Workshop on Distributed Intelligent Systems</i>", June 2022, Rhodes, Greece - Program Co-Chair

0. [CCGrid 2022](https://fcrlab.unime.it/ccgrid22) - "<i>22nd IEEE International Symposium on Cluster, Cloud and Internet Computing</i>", May 2022, Taormina, Messina, Italy - Financial Chair

0. [AI4Health 2022](https://www.ai4health.icar.cnr.it/ai4health2022/index.html) - "<i>International Workshop on Artificial Intelligence for Health</i>", May 2022, Taormina, Messina, Italy - Program Co-Chair

0. [MrICHE 2021](https://fcrlab.unime.it/calls/mriche2021) - "<i>1st IEEE International Workshop on Mixed Reality Implications on Cultural Heritage Experience</i>", October 2021, Bari, Italy - Program Co-Chair

0. [DistInSys 2021](https://fcrlab.unime.it/calls/distinsys2021) - "<i>1st International Workshop on Distributed and Intelligent Systems</i>", September 2021, Athens, Greece - Program Co-Chair

0. [ICTS4eHealth 2021](https://www.icts4ehealth.icar.cnr.it/ICTS4eHealth2021/index.html) - "<i>1st IEEE Conference on ICT Solutions for eHealth</i>", September 2021, Athens, Greece - Publicity Chair
{: reversed="reversed"}

#### Program Committee Membership
0. [HC@AIxIA 2023](https://sites.google.com/unical.it/hcaixia2023) - "<i>2nd AIxIA Workshop on Artificial Intelligence For Healthcare</i>", November 2023, Rome, Italy

0. [EWSN 2023](https://events.dimes.unical.it/ewsn2023) - "<i>International Conference on Embedded Wireless Systems and Networks</i>", September 2023, Rende, Italy

0. [MetaCom 2023](https://www.ieee-metacom.org/2023/) - "<i>IEEE International Conference on Metaverse Computing, Networking and Applications</i>", June 2023, Kyoto, Japan

0. [Cloud2Things 2023](https://cloud2things.netsons.org/2023/index.html) - "<i>3rd Workshop on From Cloud to Things: harnessing pervasive data in the Computing Continuum</i>", March 2023, Atlanta, USA

0. [CCNC 2023](https://ccnc2023.ieee-ccnc.org/) - "<i>IEEE Consumer Communications & Networking Conference</i>", January 2023, Las Vegas, USA

0. [RoboCom 2023](https://robocom2023.nws.cs.unibo.it/) - "<i>3rd IEEE International Workshop on Communication and Networking for Swarms Robotics</i>", January 2023, Las Vegas, USA

0. [IHSH 2022](https://ihsh2022.uqar.ca/) - "<i>The 2022 International Conference on Human-centric Smart environments for Health and well-being</i>", October 2022, Lévis, Canada

0. [CyberSciTech 2022](http://cyber-science.org/2022/cyberscitech/) - "<i>The 7th IEEE Cyber Science and Technology Congress</i>", September 2022, Falerna (CZ), Italy

0. [ICTS4eHealth 2022](https://icts4ehealth.icar.cnr.it/) - "<i>2nd Edition of the IEEE Conference on ICT Solutions for eHealth</i>", June, July 2022, Rhodes Island, Greece

0. [Cloud2Things 2022](https://cloud2things2022.netsons.org) - "<i>2nd Workshop on Cloud-to-Things continuum: towards the convergence of IoT, Edge and Cloud Computing</i>", May 2022, Taormina, Messina, Italy [[certificate](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1tR7AiEKAzVlR0Z5y8EHwjZcD36Pztheb/view?usp=sharing)]

0. [RoboCom 2022](https://robocom2022.nws.cs.unibo.it/) - "<i>2nd IEEE International Workshop on Communication and Networking for Swarms Robotics</i>", January 2022, Virtual Conference

0. [Cloud2Things 2021](https://cloud2things2021.netsons.org/) - "<i>1st Workshop on Cloud-to-Things continuum: towards the convergence of IoT, Edge and Cloud Computing</i>", May, 2021, Melbourne, Australia

0. [ICTS4eHealth 2020](https://icts4ehealth.icar.cnr.it/ICTS4eHealth2020/index.html) - "<i>5th Edition of the IEEE Workshop on ICT Solutions for eHealth</i>", July 2020, Rennes, Francia

0. [IPDCA 2020](https://sites.google.com/view/ipdca2020) - "<i>9th International Conference on Parallel, Distributed Computing and Applications</i>", June 2020, Helsinki, Finland

0. [ICTS4eHealth 2019](https://icts4ehealth.icar.cnr.it/ICTS4eHealth2019/index.html) - "<i>4th edition of the IEEE Workshop on ICT Solution for eHealth</i>", June 2019, Barcelona, Spain

0. [TeC4C 2018](http://tec4c2018.netsons.org/) - "<i>1st International Workshop on Technology Convergence for Smart Cities</i>", October 2019, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA

0. [FiCloud 2018](http://www.ficloud.org/2018) - "<i>IEEE 6th International Conference on Future Internet of Things and Cloud</i>", August 2019, Barcelona, Spain

0. [ICTS4eHealth 2018](https://icts4ehealth.icar.cnr.it/ICTS4eHealth2018/index.html) - "<i>3rd edition of the IEEE Workshop on ICT Solution for eHealth</i>", June 2018, Natal, Brazil

0. [FiCloud 2017](http://www.ficloud.org/2017) - "<i>IEEE 5th International Conference on Future Internet of Things and Cloud</i>", August 2018, Prague, Czech Republic

0. [ICTS4eHealth 2017](https://icts4ehealth.icar.cnr.it/ICTS4eHealth2017/index.html) - "<i>2nd edition of the IEEE Workshop on ICT Solution for eHealth</i>", July 2018, Heraklion, Crete
{: reversed="reversed"}
