_pages/calls.md, before:

---
title:
layout: default
permalink: /calls/
published: true
---

The following calls are open and wait for your submission. If you have any question, please contact me using the email in the footer.

## Special Issues
- [Paper Submission: June 30, 2022 - Digital Healthcare Leveraging Edge Computing and the Internet of Things, Sensors, MDPI](https://www.mdpi.com/journal/sensors/special_issues/digihealth_IoT)
- [Paper Submission: August 31, 2021 - Artificial Intelligence on the Edge, Information, MDPI](https://fcrlab.unime.it/calls/artificial-intelligence-in-the-edge)

## Conferences
- [Paper Submission: <s>June 15, 2021</s> extended to July 1, 2021 (firm and final) - The IEEE Conference on ICT Solutions for eHealth (ICTS4eHealth 2021)](https://fcrlab.unime.it/calls/icts4eHealth2021) 

## Workshops
- [Paper Submission: June 23, 2021 - The 1st IEEE International Workshop on Mixed Reality Implications on Cultural Heritage Experience (MrICHE 2021)](https://fcrlab.unime.it/calls/mriche2021)
- [Paper Submission: July 1, 2021 - The 1st IEEE International Workshop on Distributed and Intelligent Systems (DistInSys 2021)](https://fcrlab.unime.it/calls/distinsys2021)

Commit message:

update firm and final deadline of MrICHE 2021

_pages/calls.md, after:

---
title:
layout: default
permalink: /calls/
published: true
---

The following calls are open and wait for your submission. If you have any question, please contact me using the email in the footer.

## Special Issues
- [Paper Submission: June 30, 2022 - Digital Healthcare Leveraging Edge Computing and the Internet of Things, Sensors, MDPI](https://www.mdpi.com/journal/sensors/special_issues/digihealth_IoT)
- [Paper Submission: August 31, 2021 - Artificial Intelligence on the Edge, Information, MDPI](https://fcrlab.unime.it/calls/artificial-intelligence-in-the-edge)

## Conferences
- [Paper Submission: <s>June 15, 2021</s> extended to July 1, 2021 (firm and final) - The IEEE Conference on ICT Solutions for eHealth (ICTS4eHealth 2021)](https://fcrlab.unime.it/calls/icts4eHealth2021) 

## Workshops
- [Paper Submission: <s>June 23, 2021</s> extended to July 9, 2021 (firm and final) - The 1st IEEE International Workshop on Mixed Reality Implications on Cultural Heritage Experience (MrICHE 2021)](https://fcrlab.unime.it/calls/mriche2021)
- [Paper Submission: July 1, 2021 - The 1st IEEE International Workshop on Distributed and Intelligent Systems (DistInSys 2021)](https://fcrlab.unime.it/calls/distinsys2021)
