index.md, before:

---
layout: about
permalink: /
profile:
  align: right
  image: profile.jpg
published: true
---

This is Lorenzo! I am an Assistant Professor in <a href="https://fcrlab.unime.it/">FCRLab</a> at <a href="https://international.unime.it/">University of Messina</a>. I earned my Ph.D. in the Department of Mathematics, Computer Science, Physics and Hearth Sciences under the supervision of <a href="https://www.scopus.com/authid/detail.uri?authorId=12645423500">Professor Massimo Villari</a> in May 2020.

I used to act as Researcher since the beginning of my carrier, publishing about Cloud Computing, Edge Computing, Internet of Things and Distributed Systems of all kinds, as well as Artificial Intelligence, Intelligent Systems and Robotics.

I am teacher of Computer Networks, reviewer of respected Springer, IEEE and Elsevier Journals, member of the <a href="http://www.ifiptc12.org/component/tags/tag/41-wg-12-9">IFIP Working Group 12.9 about Computational Intelligence</a>, co-chairs of IEEE Workshops (<a href="https://fcrlab.unime.it/calls/distinsys2021">DistInSys</a>, <a href="https://fcrlab.unime.it/calls/mriche2021">MrICHE</a>, and <a href="https://www.ai4health.icar.cnr.it/">AI4Health</a>) and co-author of more than 20 manuscripts.

Commit message:

update research agenda and bio

index.md, after:

---
layout: about
permalink: /
profile:
  align: right
  image: profile.jpg
published: true
---

# Research Agenda
In my current research agenda, I investigate all aspects related to distributed intelligent systems for supporting cities and communities. Enhanced devices, Artificial Intelligence, edge of the network, and collaboration are therefore keywords of my daily activities. My research finds application in several domains, among which smart city, mobility, healthcare, and cultural heritage.

# Short Biography
I am an assistant professor in the <a href="https://fcrlab.unime.it/">Future Computing Research Laboratory</a> at the Department of Mathematics, Computer Science, Physics and Hearth Sciences of the <a href="https://international.unime.it/">University of Messina</a>. I was research fellow in the same university and I earned my Ph.D. in the Department of Engineering at <a href="https://www.unirc.it/en/">University of Reggio Calabria</a> in May 2020 under the supervision of <a href="https://www.scopus.com/authid/detail.uri?authorId=12645423500">Massimo Villari</a>.

From 2018 to 2020, I worked as software developer of <a href="https://humanizing.com/en/">Humanizing Technologies GmnH</a> in Vienna, one of the most appreciated suppliers of non-industrial robots and robot software worldwide. From 2020, I am an <a href="https://www.credly.com/badges/44cecf40-460e-4730-aa49-79733224134e/public_url">AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner</a>. From 2021, I am authorized to practice as Information Engineer (Italy, Section A).

I have been teacher of several subjects, among which Computer Networks and Algorithms. I am reviewer of respected Springer, IEEE and Elsevier Journals, member of the <a href="http://www.ifiptc12.org/component/tags/tag/41-wg-12-9">IFIP Working Group 12.9 about Computational Intelligence</a>, co-chairs of IEEE Workshops (<a href="https://fcrlab.unime.it/calls/distinsys2022">DistInSys</a>, <a href="https://fcrlab.unime.it/calls/mriche2021">MrICHE</a>, and <a href="https://www.ai4health.icar.cnr.it/">AI4Health</a>) and co-author of more than 30 manuscripts.
